---
id: 41
title: Survey
date: 2004-10-07T22:23:00+00:00
author: Brian Reese
layout: post
guid: /?p=41
permalink: /2004/10/survey/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I don&apos;t normally do surveys, but in an absence of better things to do, read on.
  
I filled this out earlier in the day. Feel free to post your responses.

2. What color pants are you wearing? I&apos;m not wearing any pants. Blue
  
(shorts) &#8211; good thing I was dressed when I got this

3. What are you listening to right now? The buzz of the computers in
  
my office, the tapping of my keyboard., the drone of the a/c, and the
  
trickling water in the fish tank

4. What&apos;s the last thing you ate? Wendy&apos;s Bacon Cheeseburger from the
  
late night window

5. Do you wish on stars? No.

6. If you were a crayon, what color would you be? Wild Blue Yonder

7. How is the weather right now? Breezy and 81 degrees F only partly cloudy.

8. Last person you talked to on the phone? Mike regarding some DB issues.

9. Do you like the person who sent you this? sure &#8212; as a former co-worker

10. How are you today? Tired (picked someone up at the Melbourne
  
International Airport late last night), Frustrated

11. Favorite drink? Starbucks Frappicino

13. Favorite sport? Mt. Biking &#8211; in FL without the mountains of course.

14. Hair color? Lt. Brown

15. Eye color? Brown

16. Do you wear contacts? No, perfect vision

17. Siblings? 2, brothers

18. Favorite months? June, December

19. Favorite food? Sweet and Sour Chicken (mom&apos;s recipe)

20. Last movie you watched? Shark Tale

21. Favorite day of the year? One of those days that goes well

22. What do you do to vent anger? Depends. Video games, Cycling

23. What was your favorite toy as a child? Construx and Legos

24. Summer or Winter? Winter

25. Hugs or Kisses? Hugs, but the family in PA prefers kisses

26. Chocolate or Vanilla? Chocolate Candy &#8211; Vanilla Ice Cream

27. Do you want your friends to write/e-mail back? yeah, but I&apos;m
  
horrible at keeping up with my friends if I don&apos;t see them in person

28. Who is most likely to respond? some of the people I might send this to

29. Who is least likely to respond? everyone I don&apos;t send this to

30. Living arrangements? 1109 sq. ft. apartment with my brother and
  
his gerbils, soon I will have some new fish

31. When was the last time you cried? Years ago

32. What is under your bed? Usually the leaf to the dining room
  
table, the carpet, the ground and whatever is under that.

33. Who is the friend you have had the longest? Not sure, I have a few
  
good friends

34. What did you do last night? Watched TV, nothing in particular
  
until 8 when Smallville came on. Then I went to the airport, came
  
back, had a snack and went to bed.

36. What inspires you? Music, seeing a need for something to change

37. What scares you? That I&apos;m fully responsible for myself now and
  
that people trust me to teach their kids how to play soccer and
  
baseball

38. Plain, Buttered or Salted Popcorn? Movie theater style buttered

39. Favorite car? Something sporty, I&apos;ve always liked the Viper, and
  
the XLR looks interesting

40. Favorite flower? Um&#8230; the ones that look nice?

41. Number of keys on your key ring? 9, 3 just for my apartment

42. Can you juggle? No, never learned

43. Favorite day of the week? Hard to say, I like the whole weekend

44. What did you do on your last birthday? Went out to eat.

45. Do you own a donor card? They cost money? My DL says I&apos;m an organ donor