---
id: 68
title: Reflections from the past month
date: 2006-03-07T00:29:07+00:00
author: Brian Reese
layout: post
guid: http://test.brianreese.com/wordpress/?p=68
permalink: /2006/03/68/
dsq_thread_id:
  - 4760111979
categories:
  - Personal
---
Another month has passed. There are so many things I should be blogging.

I&#8217;ll start with the most exciting news. My little brother is getting married! This just goes to show, I don&#8217;t have to be the first for everything.

Aside from that, my work as a contractor for Children&#8217;s Home Society of Florida has occupied most of my time. I think as far as work goes, I&#8217;ve grown the most during this project. As always there are things I need to do to improve myself, but up until now, I have not been very confident in myself. I had often doubted that I was offering the best solution. On this project, I have found that my first instinct has generally been correct. In the past I would spend a lot of time looking for a solution to my question on the Internet. Lately, I have found that I am having questions about things for which there is not a well known answer. If I do run across an answer, it has been after I had already solved the problem, and often times, my solution is similar to or better than the one I have found.

If I&#8217;m not at work, I may be found at church. We have moved the contemporary service into the larger worship center and have eliminated the second blended service. This change has brought about new challenges for me. My area of service changed from simply being sure the sermon was properly simulcast for the contemporary service to directing and switching the cameras for the contemporary service. I have found directing to be a fun challenge. I&#8217;m still getting accustomed to the new order of activities but, I think we are getting all the kinks worked out.

I&#8217;m hoping I will make more time to blog here in the future. I can&#8217;t promise it will be interesting, in fact, I really want to post about programming things I have discovered or am working on. Topics may include but are not limited to ASP.net, MS Access, PHP and Linux systems.